When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote allows you to share a project with others. A remote allows others to work on your project. A remote gives an extra copy of your project in case you lose your local copy.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You might only want working versions to be available for others while keeping all commits on your local space.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use on instead of another?
Forks are clones of repositories on GitHub. Clones are copies of repositories on local servers. Branches are only found on local and are different versions of a code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
So you can know the differences between the local copy and the copy on GitHub. Is the local copy or the GitHub copy ahead? Are both different? Having a copy helps answer these questions.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Could collaborate face-to-face, by working on files on a shared drive or by sending files back and forth via email (or a shared cloud resource). Face-to-face would be eaiser but collaboration couldn't go on when the parties were apart. Using a shared server would be about the same, but Git/GitHub allows saving of changes/versions that simply sharing files does not. Sharing via email would be less easy than sharing via a server.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in the master? What benefits does each approach have?
Make changes in a separate branch for different versions or for presenting ideas for collaboration before merging into the master branch. The master branch is the agreed upon working code. Benefits in changing the separate branch means getting consensus before changing the master. Making changes in the master makes the work faster.