How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Diff helped show which lines in the two versions were different.
From there it was much quicker and easier to find the problem in the new version.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
You could easily revert to former coding if the newer version doesn't work as well as the old.
You would be able to see mistakes or typos you've made.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Pros: you get to decide when to create the version; an automatically saved commit migh not make sense (it might be too big or too small)
Cons: you might wait too long to manually chose to create a commit or you might manually commit to often; an automatic save could be set to ensure commits at regular intervals.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git is set up more for coding, while Google Docs is set up more for storage of non-coding files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Use git log to see a list of commits between versions of files. Use git diff to view the differences between two versions of files using the version codes in the git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Version control gives you easy access to previous versions. Thus, you can quickly go back to a version that works if you make changes and the newer version does not work correctly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try using Git for other Udacity courses, for learning how to code in Javascript & D3 for data analytics/info graphics and for fixing the PHP code on an old website that I created.